Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stranger.
*Michelle *: In here hanging in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on.
*Michelle *: Not much really kind of in limbo right now waiting. See what happens. And
*Michelle *: We got
*Michelle *: Well, we got an extension because of what's going on with the virus and stuff. Now we have to be out of here by April 30
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is not where you want to be.
*Michelle *: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
*Michelle *: At least it gives us a little bit more time to
*Michelle *: figure stuff out, I guess, excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you send out for your to pay off your ticket.
*Michelle *: I got the ticket paid off. But now I am, what I'm waiting for is for it to process through the court in order for me to pay the MVD the DMV.
*Michelle *: Their fee to get my license reinstated and it said on there like it's supposed to take like seven to 14 business days and it's been well over that and it's still like online. You know, you got to reinstate says not eligible
*Michelle *: So, and I've tried to call the courts. I've tried to email the lady I spoke to a while ago that
*Michelle *: Yeah, because when I first had paid it off. She told me I wouldn't have to wait the 14 days and then I
*Michelle *: That because the DMV told me I needed this code or whatever. And she told me I wouldn't need the code that it was process overnight. Just give it one day, and that was a while ago and it still didn't process.
*Michelle *: Some I needed to like to show that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're taking it back to that maybe
*Michelle *: You know,
*Michelle *: I need to show that the courts have been paid in order for me to be able to even for the because the DMV won't let me pay that fine unless it shows the courts have been paid.
Right, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, just kind of waiting till it goes through
*Michelle *: You know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then your mood. Okay, so you have to do that in order to get your license in order to get the van.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: From what
*Michelle *: He did say, though, is they said, as soon as I pay that fine my. It's like my driver's licenses.
*Michelle *: Fine. Like, I'll have a be I'll be legal to drive that was the understanding that I that I got from the lady at the DMV.
Right.
*Michelle *: Which I think that's pretty cool. My dad still thinks I should get my Oregon driver's license, but I feel like that's just more time and money that I don't have
*Michelle *: You know when I have a driver's license, even though it's from Arizona. It's still legal. You know, for me to drive and
*Michelle *: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it's good, isn't it good till you're like 65
*Michelle *: Well, yeah, it doesn't expire till 2054 on
*Michelle *: You know, yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So maybe it's something you can put in your future plans, when you do get moved. You know what I mean, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know, economically, it's not feasible right now. Anyways, yeah. So I get it, I get where you're coming from, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until things have been hello with your neighbors and landlord.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
*Michelle *: I haven't heard anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which isn't a bad thing.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things with your baby and your partner.
*Michelle *: already seeing in a year.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: See different day. Same old, same old just different day kind of thing.
*Michelle *: She's still know it's like it's weird with the two, they just like when it comes to like him putting her down for a nap time or bedtime or whatever she just like she acts differently. We're like, when I go in LA. Now on her and put her down for a nap or bed. She just x different
*Michelle *: Units like she gives more harder of a time to him. Then she does me
*Michelle *: Right let's Australian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, she does, because she knows who's in charge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, he if you know he's a pushover with her, then that's exactly what she's going to do you know if you're the one that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The one in charge, as far as she goes and she knows it. Then of course is going to give you less issues then she'll watch she gives him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of the dynamics of what kids learn about their parents, it's, it's kind of funny when you when you watch it, actually, you know, and realize that, you know,
*Michelle *: They're starting to starting right just kind of barely tips on around the potty training scene.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: She's not into it at all.
*Michelle *: Like every time we put her on there. She just right back off. She's so tall, it's like
*Michelle *: She just hops right off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of there are like. Now, I don't want to do that. However, she
*Michelle *: To
*Michelle *: April.
*Michelle *: I mean, she's four months.
*Michelle *: Two years old to implement or whatever you might call it 2026 months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 12
Months.
*Michelle *: 26 months, I think. Yeah.
*Michelle *: I don't know cuz 24 months is too. Right. Yeah.
*Michelle *: I never did the 24 I never went by month, you know, just two years old. She's a little over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Two.
*Michelle *: She, too. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, yeah. So you've got yourself a little bit of work to do with their version.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: It'd be nice if you get a potty train though because they preserved so friggin expensive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They really are. It's outrageous.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: everything that's going on right now it's it's it's hard to come by him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know a lot of things in in the store. It's hard to come by. Right now, huh.
*Michelle *: Yeah, because we live in such a small town. It's like
*Michelle *: limited options, you know,
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that'll change in a few weeks.
*Michelle *: I hope so this is this is ridiculous.
*Michelle *: I mean, they've got, like, at least here in our little town the Walmart, they've got it like the entrance all blocked off.
*Michelle *: And you have to stand in line and they've got these little markers, where you have to stand six foot apart from people. And then as people are coming out. Then they let people come in and it's like
*Michelle *: I mean, we live in a small town as it is, you know, it's just
*Michelle *: I don't know, I mean,
*Michelle *: I think
*Michelle *: Maybe like
*Michelle *: A week ago, they, they just released that we have our first first case.
*Michelle *: In our in our area in our town.
*Michelle *: We haven't heard anything further on it.
*Michelle *: I mean, what
*Michelle *: I don't really feel. I mean, I mean, you never know, really, but we don't really, we don't talk to anybody. We don't go around people, and people around us and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
You know,
*Michelle *: You don't see us. I mean, I know you could just probably like catch it, going to the grocery store. I mean, who knows all these cash. I just, you know, the clerks and stuff.
*Michelle *: But
*Michelle *: They've all gotten
*Michelle *: Plexiglas.
Up in front of them.
*Michelle *: Most of them are wearing gloves.
Me.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like that Miss stores around here too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know people at the, the new glasses up there's people wearing gloves and masks and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You walk around, you know, you walk around somebody instead of next to somebody. I mean, it's just, yeah. It's crazy. It's a, it's a big change.
*Michelle *: You know, yeah.
*Michelle *: And they were
*Michelle *: Mostly, like, for the most part, though, aside from everything being closed here. People are just
*Michelle *: Not, not doesn't seem like they're like staying at home or really or whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's my understanding that you can go outside. As long as you don't go around other people, but you can take walks around the block. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do it that way but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just want to distance yourself from anybody else that's walking at the same time.
*Michelle *: Right.
You know,
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: We live in such a small town, people probably don't really take it serious
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's sad too. Yeah.
*Michelle *: Because I know. I mean, I see people walking on the street and kids are out riding their bikes, like they would, you know,
Mm hmm.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The only differences. It's an early summer. There's no school, there's no Yo, yo, all these things that normally are going on or actually closed and, you know, life and society of just kind of stopped, but in a kid's world. It never stops.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. It's always going so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can't imagine
*Michelle *: Yes, so I just been kind of sitting in long been watching that stupid tiger King show
*Michelle *: I don't know if you've seen that
*Michelle *: Ah, it's on Netflix everybody's talking about it like it's all over social media.
*Michelle *: Tiger king with Joe exotic it's
*Michelle *: Quite the story and
*Michelle *: One of them.
*Michelle *: This lady like 20 years ago or whatever she
*Michelle *: I mean it's clearly obvious. She killed her husband, they just don't have any prove it.
To me.
*Michelle *: Pretty crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, check it out.
*Michelle *: Yeah, it's good. I wish they would have done more of it without just being focused on the
*Michelle *: weirdo Joe exotic the gay guy, you know, if they weren't so focused on him, I would like to know more about like
*Michelle *: The whole case of, you know, the lady, you know, add them to a tiger, man.
*Michelle *: I mean, back in the 80s. I know they didn't have late but they said the case is still open.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: It's pretty crazy. I just, just for that alone is what interests me. And it really. I mean, I could care less about Joe exotic and his whole life.
*Michelle *: Whatever weird shit. He's got going on.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he's like the main character of the story.
*Michelle *: Yeah, it's like they tried to say it was a documentary, but it
*Michelle *: Doesn't seem like a documentary to me at all. It's kind of just like a storyline of
*Michelle *: What's happened and throughout the years between this Joe exotic person and the Carol Baskin, I guess they've had this long ongoing feud because he's just
*Michelle *: All over social media doing all this weird crazy shit to kind of like antagonize her and she's got these millions of, you know, she inherited millions from or that doesn't
*Michelle *: And she's taking them to court and
*Michelle *: Just
*Michelle *: Yeah, weird kind of weird.
*Michelle *: I mean, it was I liked it. I thought it was cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fascinating.
*Michelle *: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What else have you been doing
*Michelle *: That's it. I'm packing up here and there and
*Michelle *: Watching that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not a whole lot to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
*Michelle *: Play on the kid. I mean, while we got
*Michelle *: Given the wall and we'll go to this park and let her swing on the swing.
*Michelle *: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And no, no, no, nothing from your landlord. Did you get a letter or a text or
*Michelle *: No, nothing.
*Michelle *: Even had heard nothing I have Alex go and pay the rent on the third but
*Michelle *: She didn't say anything. She was just, you know, just calm and here's a receipt, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
That'd be nice.
*Michelle *: Neighbors have been doing work on the house next door. I'm not. No one lives there, but they've been fixing it up for a while now, but now it's like doing something
*Michelle *: Hammering and others, and they've completely like remodeled the inside of it. And they've just started finishing it looks like outside it repainted the whole outside. They've done all the landscaping for the outside just completely redone all of it.
*Michelle *: Oh, wow. Yeah, we've been working on it for a while they're here every day at eight o'clock in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Quiet Time from 11 to seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, what about what about those was they don't get up til 10
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right here.
*Michelle *: And we've been getting up at eight lately. She's been
*Michelle *: So weird. I don't know, she's going through like some kind of Roseburg or whatnot. She's talking like crazy like so much more than she has and ever like she's like
*Michelle *: She's really really talking a lot lately. She's been going to bed, like, well, we'll go in there and lay down with her and start at like 838 O'clock will lay down with her and she won't go to sleep until about 11 o'clock.
*Michelle *: Doesn't matter. Like, what time you know every. It doesn't matter what time she goes to bed, though she is up at about 738 o'clock.
*Michelle *: And I feel like you know i don't i don't feel like she's getting enough sleep, really. I mean,
*Michelle *: And then naptime is a nightmare because she doesn't want to take a nap. And if we don't let her take a nap. Even if she goes to bed at eight o'clock 730 she's still up at 730 in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
*Michelle *: I don't. I mean, I don't know, but I feel like she's not getting the normal amount of sleep. She should be getting
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, she's getting older and he's you know going to require a little less sleep and more activity.
*Michelle *: Right. Yeah, no, that's for sure. I just still feel like she's not sleeping how she should be. I mean, I don't know.
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The ones that scare me are the ones that go to bed, a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fight sleep until 11 or 12 and then get up at four or five in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And destroyed the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: We put the baby gate up in front of a mirror in front of her door cuz she she was doing that for a while you get down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Again anything's
Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mom's dad is still sleeping. I'm gonna go play
*Michelle *: Times over it. She climbs over the gate.
*Michelle *: But for the most part in the mornings at least she she'll just kind of probably cuz she's still half asleep so waking up and grumpy and she'll kind of just kind of wine at the gate until one of us gets up to come. Call your way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: TO COME GET HER.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Breakfast time
Yeah.
*Michelle *: And she hasn't really money versus to good like usually she's a really good breakfast eater, but lately. She hasn't been wanting to like eat like breakfast usually like a couple bites of whatever it is we feed her and then she's
*Michelle *: She doesn't want
Huh.
*Michelle *: I mean, the kid or snack all day long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
*Michelle *: She's got a
*Michelle *: bottomless pit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the snacking but not the meals.
She will
*Michelle *: She'll snack all day long. If you let her like she's I mean sometimes I trip out on the amount of food that little girl with the way she puts away some food.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As funny.
*Michelle *: He's not chubby at all like she's got maybe just a little kind of little potbelly maybe, you know, and
*Michelle *: It's not that at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's going through a growing sport.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: You know,
Probably
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go back to normal.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So hopefully you hear from Arizona soon so that you can get your driver's license back on track. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can get this whole process moving and do what you need to do, you know,
*Michelle *: Am open, it'll go through here real soon because
*Michelle *: I mean, I'd like to have that van like to be able to my dad wants to take a load up before
*Michelle *: You know the come the 30th and and i don't know when he plans on doing that, but
*Michelle *: Last time I talked to them it was
*Michelle *: Really briefing.
*Michelle *: I think he wants to talk about right now is just
*Michelle *: The end time prophecy in Jesus come in and
*Michelle *: This is, this is it, you know, because all the crazy shit that's going on right now and I'm
*Michelle *: Busy, you know, if it happens. It happens on on and
*Michelle *: In the meantime, life still goes on.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Life live by a kid raise and feed and take care of them. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just one of those things where it's like, it doesn't really matter if it happens, it happens. I can't stop live in because of it, you know.
*Michelle *: Yeah, you just can I met a lady, not too long ago who helped me out with some clothes for Araya because I had, like, I mean clearly out of gross for and everything. Nothing we have for her fit.
*Michelle *: She gave me some clothes with Araya, and she's you know asked me, kind of, you know, personal questions about my family and stuff like that. And now everyone always trips out you know when they uh yeah I have like my grandparents and my dad and chat, but they just
*Michelle *: It doesn't matter whether I have a child or not, you know, my name is not Dave and
*Michelle *: They won't help
*Michelle *: You know, like, it doesn't, then they always check out when I, when I say that they never believe me, or they think of like, well, what did you do to make them not want to help you. And it's like, I haven't done anything. They just don't want to help.
*Michelle *: We don't have that time type of knit family where you know my granddaughter's struggling and her baby you know they need help, you know,
*Michelle *: I have the money for a first and last deposit, but
*Michelle *: It just, they don't care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
*Michelle *: They don't care if I if I was my dad, my name was Dave. I mean, they would do everything in their power to cater, you know, to help him and do whatever they, you know,
*Michelle *: But it doesn't work like that for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think it probably doesn't work like that for a lot of people, you know,
*Michelle *: I just feel like
*Michelle *: A large part of me would love to just figure out what I could do to leave and never look back and never talked to them again because it is rippling it does this me off because it's not right. I don't feel like right
*Michelle *: Right at all. And if it was the other way around. If it was me and my grandchild. I would. Damn right, like, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: I just don't feel like that's right
*Michelle *: Just, you know, people to suffer. You know, I mean, when, when you have more than enough means to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. But, you know, the massive part about it is it's their choice there. You know what I mean, they get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Live by their own morals and values. And we've just, you know, you just got to kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal with it, you know.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: I deal with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got a little bit of resentment there.
*Michelle *: I do, I do.
*Michelle *: Yeah, most definitely. Yeah.
*Michelle *: I do because the amount of shit that they've done for my dad. I mean, even when we lived in California. Back in the late 90s, before we moved up to Oregon might
*Michelle *: The whole reason why we moved up to Oregon is because she bought a house or my dad.
*Michelle *: bought him a house.
*Michelle *: She paid for a vehicle for him because he was leaving. I mean, we left everything in California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then went up there.
*Michelle *: And she she bought the house, she bought him a vehicle. She paid for him to get his contractor's license. So you can do construction work and got them a job with a contractor who was building their house, their retirement home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
*Michelle *: And as as as the years have gone on anytime. He's lost his job or needed money or needed work on his vehicle or needed a vehicle. She has literally paid for everything and still does. To this day,
To this day,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
*Michelle *: And I just feel like
*Michelle *: That's not right.
*Michelle *: You know, and it's not like they don't they don't need the help I mean
*Michelle *: I have an uncle that her youngest son, my uncle Glenn.
*Michelle *: Is straight up a millionaire.
*Michelle *: He is a millionaire. He works and computers and
*Michelle *: He owns the house that they live in. They pay late
*Michelle *: They pay all the like the house electric and all the, you know, all those themselves and
*Michelle *: But they don't pay rent and they don't pay like the mortgage on it and he pays for all that, and which is why they you know i mean they're completely set up.
*Michelle *: And even before then they they were set up on the mountain before they moved into town and their retirement home. I mean, they had. I mean, it was a million dollar home on top mountain they've always had money. I mean, it's never been a question of, where's the money or who's got the money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know,
*Michelle *: But it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They just don't care.
*Michelle *: They don't share it and they don't share it with she doesn't share it with anybody else. But my dad and once in a while. My dad's brother, Chris.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: Even when we were growing up like Christmas and birthdays and
*Michelle *: I mean, we had Christmas where we got together and we food, but we didn't do they never did presence. They never did birthday presents you know it's not it's. It was never like a real grandchild grandparent relationship. You know what I mean.
Right.
*Michelle *: Like, like they weren't grandparents, you know, even really parents really. I mean, aside from catering to my father, his entire life and paying for everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
But
Yeah.
*Michelle *: And even even uncle Glenn he's never done Christmas presents he's never done birthday presents. He's just been off in his own world.
*Michelle *: We only see him, maybe once a year, when he comes up for Thanksgiving. And he doesn't really socialize with the family. It's like he's just basically there to visit his mom and Mr. Bill
*Michelle *: My
*Michelle *: Grandma husband.
*Michelle *: That's crazy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If their religious belief, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't sometimes. Oh, no, no.
*Michelle *: No. Oh no, my, my grandmother. I mean, my even my dad that's why my dad is the way he is my knee my grandmother's like
*Michelle *: Like she believes in Jesus and and whatnot. I mean, she's not like super religious like we're out front with it. It's more like
*Michelle *: You know, but she believes in God and you know she's not as vocal like my dad about it is, you know, but
*Michelle *: It just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good way to do it on your own.
I mean,
*Michelle *: I guess I mean I you know I don't even know. And I don't, I don't really know it's it's it's really a weird plant family dynamic because like
*Michelle *: When my cousins when when my Uncle Chris had his two girls.
*Michelle *: when they were younger, back in like the early, late 80s, early 80s or whatnot, like she was closer to them.
*Michelle *: Because I wasn't around. I was still with my mom at that time I got hadn't got custody at me and then it's like after
*Michelle *: Chris Got the divorce from Tracy and the girl stayed down in California, and they all kind of migrated up to Oregon. It's like after that she just
*Michelle *: She didn't she didn't care to get close to me like she did with Stephanie not Ashley.
*Michelle *: And then, you know, Stephanie nationally just kind of never came around anymore. And she that relationship with the two of them kind of faded out and
*Michelle *: Is no longer
*Michelle *: You know,
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: When I was younger, when my dad.
*Michelle *: Was
*Michelle *: Kind of crazy we I used to see them a lot Tracy's to babysit me when I was when my dad right around the time I GOT CUSTODY OF ME WHEN WE done there. We were closer to them.
*Michelle *: And then we moved up to Oregon after that it was just
*Michelle *: Their, their own lives and we're, you know, we were
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, sorry. That sucks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to see the inequities and you know the differences. You know, it's gotta be tough and I totally understand the reasoning behind the resentment, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But be careful with with resemblance
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Manage that when you go
Up there.
*Michelle *: Um,
*Michelle *: I just kind of keep to myself really
*Michelle *: I mean, nine times out of 10 when I'm there. My dad's there with me and I'm just there because of my dad. You know, like, it's not like we hang out there like, that's my grandma. You know, it's not like that. The only time I'm there is when my dad's there.
*Michelle *: And when I in usually they're often like a study is where they hang out and where we usually stay in the living room because they don't even want to be around the RIAA
*Michelle *: You know, like, Yeah, it's weird. It's really weird huh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just know that that's their problem. And they're missing out, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't change anybody else. You just got to kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, accept them for who they are and you know the place that they have in your life and and it sucks. So I'm gonna be wrong. It sucks but you know it is, you know, it just is that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
No.
*Michelle *: You. I just, I mean really. I mean, sometimes your time. It really bothers me is when my dad's like oh yeah bill just helped me pay off my by Phil just helped me buy a boat will just help me do this. I'm just like, wow, I must be nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
*Michelle *: Well, the first and last deposit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right about just a gallon of milk.
*Michelle *: And bread. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, on a lighter note, you should be getting a stimulus. Right.
*Michelle *: Um, I, I honestly don't know.
*Michelle *: I have no clue. I
*Michelle *: Mean, I've tried to do a lot of research on it to see whether we would even qualify and it doesn't say anything about you know people on you know cash assistance, it talks about people on social security and
*Michelle *: Stuff like that. But it doesn't say anything about on state welfare benefits and and
*Michelle *: And from what I also read in there and the small small print that anybody who has back child support won't see it either. They'll still take it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, see, I didn't know that.
*Michelle *: Yeah, if you have back child support, you won't see if any of it, they will take it all just like they would your income tax return.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't know that.
*Michelle *: I had Alex file separately and claim Mariah, just in case they do take take it you know i mean i like i said that even if we qualify. So far, we haven't heard anything all we've seen
*Michelle *: In the emails or whatever online. Is it says that they have accepted the return, but it doesn't say anything about whether they've
*Michelle *: Processed it or the weather. We're going to get a check or whether it's going to be deposited in when it's going to be deposited. There's just nothing else. It's just that. Oh, the IRS got your, your
*Michelle *: Your claim or whatever you want to call it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well how long ago did you guys file.
*Michelle *: I mean they just opened up that portal on that website. What, like, a week ago.
*Michelle *: Yeah, so about a week, maybe a week and a half ago now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, it shouldn't be long. Give him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give it a couple weeks.
*Michelle *: That's even you and I mean who knows if we'll even see it. See it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well I you this. So you're the one that goes back child support, not your partner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so he filed and claim the baby. So he should get it.
*Michelle *: Hopefully,
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: I hope so because we could really use it as it wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let's see. That would be like 1700 dollars.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If he doesn't have anything and he's the one that file that he would definitely get it.
*Michelle *: And all I know is that he has. I mean, I don't know if they would take it be for finds own because he has finds that he owes the state of Arizona for like unpaid traffic tickets and crap like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: garnished
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As he gotten anything said that saying that they were keep us taxes for
*Michelle *: his driver's license for it.
*Michelle *: So I'm pretty sure garnishing your wages would be the next step.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
*Michelle *: I mean, I don't even know how how it all works because I know Rob isn't collecting child support. So I don't see how they can keep stacking it up if he isn't collecting it because I'm not paying it
*Michelle *: And even if the state was paying it Rob isn't collecting it so i don't i don't know how that even works like how it's all backed up. I mean,
*Michelle *: From back in like 2014 when it, when we last went to court. I was ordered to pay $200 a month to him. And they were just automatically taking it out of my checks in Arizona.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: I went to work up here and then went back to work down in Arizona, and when I did that income tax return the state of Arizona to every single penny of it.
*Michelle *: And I didn't see any of it. And that was a good almost $2,000 and I had
*Michelle *: Incomes on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. So when you weren't working. Did you file with the child support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Income adjustment or any paperwork for them to lower it
Nope.
*Michelle *: Nope, I just left it.
*Michelle *: I am not I just left it.
*Michelle *: I
*Michelle *: Rob kept telling me to go back to core and tell it like now that you're not working. They'll probably just need to pay like 25 bucks a month level, blah, blah, blah.
*Michelle *: No, I just left it because I figured like
*Michelle *: In Oregon. I mean, I, when I worked in Oregon and they didn't. They weren't garnishing my wages, then so I figured if I went back to Oregon. I could at least job up
*Michelle *: And not have to pay a dime of it because he. I mean, he told me from the get go, I don't need is 200 bucks a month, that's nothing. I don't need it. I don't need it. But you wouldn't tell the courts that he didn't need it.
*Michelle *: And when I asked him to go back to court to tell them, he didn't need it.
*Michelle *: He just own you know probably making 25 bucks a month, blah, blah. And I don't feel like I should have to pay him a fucking time, honestly.
*Michelle *: He anytime I lay in the last year, anytime my bass to see my son. He tells me know or he ignores me anytime I call my son. He never answers the phone anymore. Anytime I text or asked him to have telling call me. He never responds, he just flat out ignore us everything and
*Michelle *: I feel like at this point, like
*Michelle *: I'm just spinning my wheels.
*Michelle *: Like not
*Michelle *: wasting my fucking time and my breath. And I don't and that's, I don't feel like I should have to pay if any of it when we have joint custody.
*Michelle *: We have joint custody. You say you don't need it. You clearly they make a lot more money than I do. I have a child as well. I mean, I feel like we're even if I'm, if I can't see my fucking kid and
*Michelle *: I don't feel like I should pay a penny. Sorry.
*Michelle *: I just don't feel like that's right i mean it would be a whole lot different. If he was like if I was able to see him and spend time with him, but
*Michelle *: Christmas was like the strong back for me. I mean, I went out of my way. I spent more money than I had and I didn't pay a couple of my bills to go out of my way and pay for presence for telling and
*Michelle *: When I asked, Helen. When Rob was going to drop them off down here, or when my dad could come pick them up. It was like, oh yeah, we'll figure something out and then completely ignored me
*Michelle *: And when I called and I texted what's going on with Christmas. He's only got a week left of this Christmas vacation. It's Christmas break, nothing, nothing, not a word. Not a peep out of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Where does he live
*Michelle *: He lives in pistol River. It's like an hour away from here.
*Michelle *: Half an hour away from Brookings and my dad has been the one that's been transporting him all this time he hasn't had to drive.
*Michelle *: But to drive to Brookings which is where he tries to go to work every day.
*Michelle *: Where he drives to go pick up his groceries and stuff. So it's not like it's out of his way.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your dad still gets to see him.
*Michelle *: Yeah, yeah, my dad and telling have a pretty good relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how old is he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My dad talent.
*Michelle *: Talent talent. Just us eight he'll be nine in July.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. Well, it's good that he has a relationship with your dad right now.
*Michelle *: You know, really hasn't had a relationship with my dad.
*Michelle *: At all. Since Rob. I don't know what what's going on with Ron, I feel like he's up to something like he's probably getting ready to move back to Arizona, because before
*Michelle *: We settled down here in Crescent City really the whole plan was for us to all move back to Arizona.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: He wanted to work this job where he would be gone six months out of the year and or three months at a time and then he wanted
*Michelle *: I personally just thought he was just blowing smoke up my ass and just telling me what I want to hear.
*Michelle *: He wanted to just get me down to Arizona, so he could work this job. And he was just basically telling me, Oh, I'll get you a car, you could drive the car, you could stay in the house, I'll pay for everything you just take care of telling while I'm gone at work and
*Michelle *: I feel like it was all just a bunch of baloney. You know him blowing smoke up my ass and just want. And again, I like I told him. Yeah. You know, I don't mind moving back down to Arizona.
*Michelle *: Tell him really wants to be back to Arizona. I really want to get away from my shitty family late
*Michelle *: I mean, that was the plan. And it was like after I'm done with my schooling. Yeah, we'll move to Arizona well
*Michelle *: I mean he just kept on bombarding me of when when we're going to move to Arizona. When are you going to be going through schooling. When are you going to be done with your diploma, because at first it was like after I finished my diploma.
*Michelle *: We can move. And then I was like, well, I found out about the CNA program and then I figure. Well, after the CNA program, then we can move so that way I can get a decent job because Arizona's working wages are
*Michelle *: dog shit compared to hear that word. You know what I mean, like, I'm sorry 725 an hour.
*Michelle *: Here at a time when I can make almost 15 and our have here.
*Michelle *: With no sales state tax you know tax on shit and eight 9% sales tax. You're out of your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That know how to put the cost of living at all and
*Michelle *: Not to mention that, but with Alex to like he's got as unpaid finds their they don't allow you to serve time to pay your fines off. In fact, if you go to jail, they pay you.
*Michelle *: They make you pay them $89 a day to sit in their jails. So not only yeah you're racking up more fines going to jail and sitting in jail, you're not like paying off your science, you're getting more fines, because they charge you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: $89 at
*Michelle *: The jail lobby County, dude. It's messed up.
*Michelle *: So then I was like, well, I don't mind moving back to Arizona, but I don't want to live in Mojave County.
*Michelle *: You know, like
*Michelle *: Yeah, no tolerance, you know, a little flaky of marijuana and you're going to jail and you got confines up the ass and I'm not doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
*Michelle *: You know, let me because Rob is a drinker. I'm not a drinker, but I'll smoke pot.
You know, right.
*Michelle *: You know, and he never like quietly understood that. And it's like, well, just look at it as like, you like your cold beer after you get off work. I like to take, like, you know, a few hits off the joint and and you know calm and
*Michelle *: You never understood that. It's like, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is what it is.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: But
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hang in there, you know, definitely. Hang in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't miss your appointment next week, come see me next week.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Is it
*Michelle *: Thursdays at three still
*Michelle *: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different time. Nope, I have used still
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me just triple check but I'm pretty sure I still have you third
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thursdays at 316 23rd 23rd. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put it in there. If not, they'll put somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The 23rd at three o'clock, and I'm going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it on the 30th to, I don't know if you're going to be here on 30
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At that point, but it will be available for you in case. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that work.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Zoom has certainly been playing its part in all this craziness. It's overrated and it doesn't like to work like that should be holy cow.
*Michelle *: It's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so keep doing what you're doing. Don't drive yourself crazy and let go of that resentment can't change other people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on that stimulus.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I'm here. You know what I mean, that would be perfect if he got his income tax and the stimulus came up with it. You know what I mean that's an extra 1700 bucks that you guys didn't depend on so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it did he file when he follows taxes, did he do it for direct deposit
*Michelle *: We put for direct deposit. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, so just watch just keep an eye out and watch you know definitely
*Michelle *: That's what we've been doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, because they're coming out. So hang tough with it.
And
*Michelle *: I hope we don't need anybody because we'll have it yourself.
*Michelle *: Right.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that you know that that's coming. It's just going to take a little bit of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you did it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did it the smart way. You know, if you're the one that knows, you know, child support to have him file, you know, with the baby. Definitely.
*Michelle *: You know, I mean, I, yeah. Otherwise that would have been another 500 bucks, they get out of me. Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Money. Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you next week. So hang tough and keep doing what you're doing. You're doing a great job, Michelle.
*Michelle *: Thank you.
*Michelle *: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, bye.
Bye bye.